TODO.md, before:

- [ ] Place initial pieces in the correct spot.
- [ ] Proper softdropping.
- [ ] Harddroping.
- [X] Proper wallkicking.
- [ ] Lock delay.
- [ ] Proper gravity.
- [ ] Hold piece.
- [ ] Game over.
- [ ] Render ghost piece.
- [ ] Render hold piece.
- [ ] Render next pieces.
- [ ] Render partial first row?
- [ ] System for gameplay variants (line goals, levels, speed changes, etc.).
- [ ] Render arbitrary stats.  Needs gameplay variants.
- [ ] Texture manager.
  - [ ] How do we address individual textures?  String?  ID number?
  - [ ] Assemble individual texture entries from a larger sprite sheet.
  - [ ] Assemble larger textures from pieces of small ones.
- [ ] Figure out how to properly handle more than one player.
- [ ] Move gameplay loop into Lua.
  - [ ] Serialize Lua state into C state and back again.
- [ ] Performance measuring functions.
- [ ] Virtual Filesystem (resources can be loaded from inside binary or on-disk).
  - [ ] Figure out how to build and embed resources into binary.
  - [ ] Use libzip for resource packages?
- [X] Sound playback and mixing.
- [ ] Rendering words from individual letters.
  - [ ] Needs texture manager.
  - [ ] Allow for transparency in software rendering.
- [ ] Replay recording and playback.
- [ ] Multiplayer local prediction and rollback.
- [ ] Adjustable resolutions and high-resolution resources.
- [ ] Menu system.
- [ ] High scores.
- [ ] Implement remote multiplayer?
  - [ ] Needs local prediction and rollback.
  - [ ] Protocol design.
  - [ ] Socket implementation.

Commit message:

Spawn pieces in the correct spot

TODO.md, after:

- [X] Place initial pieces in the correct spot.
  - [ ] Try to spawn in two places.
- [ ] Proper softdropping.
- [ ] Harddroping.
- [X] Proper wallkicking.
- [ ] Lock delay.
- [ ] Proper gravity.
- [ ] Hold piece.
- [ ] Game over.
- [ ] Render ghost piece.
- [ ] Render hold piece.
- [ ] Render next pieces.
- [ ] Render partial first row?
- [ ] System for gameplay variants (line goals, levels, speed changes, etc.).
- [ ] Render arbitrary stats.  Needs gameplay variants.
- [ ] Texture manager.
  - [ ] How do we address individual textures?  String?  ID number?
  - [ ] Assemble individual texture entries from a larger sprite sheet.
  - [ ] Assemble larger textures from pieces of small ones.
- [ ] Figure out how to properly handle more than one player.
- [ ] Move gameplay loop into Lua.
  - [ ] Serialize Lua state into C state and back again.
- [ ] Performance measuring functions.
- [ ] Virtual Filesystem (resources can be loaded from inside binary or on-disk).
  - [ ] Figure out how to build and embed resources into binary.
  - [ ] Use libzip for resource packages?
- [X] Sound playback and mixing.
- [ ] Rendering words from individual letters.
  - [ ] Needs texture manager.
  - [ ] Allow for transparency in software rendering.
- [ ] Replay recording and playback.
- [ ] Multiplayer local prediction and rollback.
- [ ] Adjustable resolutions and high-resolution resources.
- [ ] Menu system.
- [ ] High scores.
- [ ] Implement remote multiplayer?
  - [ ] Needs local prediction and rollback.
  - [ ] Protocol design.
  - [ ] Socket implementation.
